Title: The Grand Unified Facts of Reality. Subtitle: Towards a Simple Abstraction. Author: Waldo Pelser.

Abstract Narration:
All of science and even large parts of modern mathematics are reduced or made redundant by a complete, consistent, and perfectly expressive knowledge base. This knowledge base proves that Linear Space is Non-Linear Space. It expresses reality as a multidimensional Euclidean Space. It expresses particles and radiation as infinite metrics and projections from them respectively. All natural phenomena, from plasma discharge to superimposed entangled waves of consciousness, are explained as interactions of these metrics. All relevant unsolved mathematical and scientific problems, from Hilbert's Sixth Problem to the P versus N P millennium problem, are solved with tautological propositions. A pre-Atlantian and pre-Deluge nature of earth's atmosphere is discussed with relevance to the author's theological views, as this is a comprehensive dissertation with theological, scientific, and mathematical implications.

Section One: The Problem of Doctrine, A Mathematical Solution.
Science is an empirical paradigm of theory and is thus insufficient for solving the problem of defining real phenomena according to first-order logic, also known as first-order predicate calculus of quantified variables. The Scientific Method discovered the early axioms of geometry used in surveyance of three-dimensional space. In this method, motion is only treated empirically with equations of motion but not axiomatically. This leads to a separation of knowledge into mathematics and science. It cannot be expected that a solution to Hilbert's Sixth Problem would not potentially trivialize science and certain mathematics completely. The abstraction of new axioms in Euclidean Geometry gives well-behaved solutions to Hilbert's Sixth Problem, defining all of reality.

Hilbert's sixth problem is to axiomatize those branches of physics in which mathematics is prevalent. It occurs on the widely cited list of Hilbert's problems in mathematics that he presented in the year nineteen hundred. In its common English translation, the explicit statement reads: Number six, Mathematical Treatment of the Axioms of Physics. The investigations on the foundations of geometry suggest the problem: To treat in the same manner, by means of axioms, those physical sciences in which already today mathematics plays an important part; in the first rank are the theory of probabilities and mechanics.

Section Two: On Mainstream Dogma, Toward a Decentralized Media.
Yves Couder's experiments are one example of how the microcosm works like the macrocosm. These experiments debunk the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics. Most dogma, such as quantum chaos theory, is based on this interpretation. The experiments show that the forces that make up the atom are the same as those that make up the planets, stars, and galaxies. Carl Sagan said this long before. Science has not solved Hilbert's Sixth Problem and is thus fundamentally flawed.

Units like Meters and Teslas are replaceable. Only the ratios between them form the scientific constants. Hilbert's Sixth Problem is solved when the constants of Science are shown to be Mathematical. Many established scientists claim that God does not exist, yet they admit they were wrong about how a bar magnet works. Atoms and all particles have been found to have a Hopfion structure. Galaxies, Stars, and Planets have also been found to have a Hopfion structure. Understanding Euclidean Geometry in higher dimensions is required.

Even Yves Couder's drops behave quantum mechanically because of their Hopfion structure. As seen on page thirty-four of his thesis, Figure two point five shows a snapshot of a bounce at a maximum of trajectory. This features a five centiStokes silicone oil droplet on a high viscous bath that oscillates at fifty Hertz and at an acceleration of two point five. The internal flows are revealed by fluorescent microspheres.

Section Three: Ionizing Hydrogen and Particle Structure.
Ionizing hydrogen with electrical current turns it from a proton to a neutron. Following Rutherford's nineteen-twenty historical hypothesis of the neutron as a compressed hydrogen atom in the core of stars, the laboratory synthesis of the neutron from protons and electrons was claimed in the late nineteen-sixties by the Italian priest-physicist Don Carlo Borghi and his associates. They used a metal chamber containing a partially ionized hydrogen gas at a fraction of one bar pressure traversed by an electric arc with five Joules energy and microwaves with ten to the power of ten inverse seconds frequency. The experiment remained unverified for decades due to the lack of theoretical understanding of the results. In this note, various measurements show that, under certain conditions, electric arcs within a hydrogen gas produce neutral, hadron-size entities. These entities are absorbed by stable nuclei and subsequently result in the release of detectable neutrons, thus confirming Don Borghi's experiment. The possibility that said entities are neutrons is discussed jointly with other alternatives. Due to their simplicity, a primary scope of this note is to stimulate the independent re-run of the tests as conducted or in suitable alternative forms.

Neutrons and Protons are fictitious constructs to explain mass and charge. Yet Hopfionic structures have mass and charge simply due to their conservative motion forming coherent structures in the aether. The aether is the medium in which they are formed, which itself consists of smaller atoms of different parity and chirality. As in the old literature of Dmitri Ivanovich Mendeleev, atoms were things with charge and mass. Thus it is clear that when they changed the sentence from "the electron of charge" to "the charge of an electron," they made the mistake of thinking it is "one electron for each bond" when it is "one bond for each charge."

If Lord Kelvin, who proposed in eighteen-sixty-seven that atoms could be knotted tubes of Aether, is wrong according to Quantum Mechanics, then the best answer to the structure of a particle cannot be determined by it.

Section Four: On the Standard Models, Toward a Mathematical Context.
Propaganda of Atheological Dogma: Theoretical Physics is one of the atheological departments at university that have no evidence whatsoever for their theories and thus should be named Hypothetical Physics for their wild speculations, since a degree in the field is as scientifically valid as a university Theology degree. The only difference between the two is that the former is propagated by the conglomerate mainstream media. These scientists claim the Higgs Boson is derived purely from mathematics, yet Hilbert's Sixth Problem shows this to be a fallacy as it has never been solved by Supersymmetry Theory, and thus their assumptions are completely erroneous. Consciousness is already explainable through electrical physics, not quantum dogma. The countless attempts of Quantum Mechanics to worm its way into neuroscience with elaborate hypotheses have failed, yet somehow their ideas persist through the literature. The electrical universe models clearly show that consciousness is the sum of all electrochemical activity in the brain, creating a Network Topology that uses synchronous all-or-nothing conditions in combination with analogue impulses, creating an Analogue-Digital computer Hybrid. Consciousness is the result of superimposed electro-chemical waves that are each a consequence and cause of the fractal antenna design of the brain, where each neuron and aggregates of neurons act as transmitters and receivers of a specific waveform that propagates through the brain, forming the superimposed coherent wave which is the mind. Antimatter and all other subatomic particles are very vague, short-lived observations in particle physics. Yet at CERN they attempt to build a model of coherent debris in the medium after high-speed collisions of Hopfions. In other words, they smash matter into smaller matter, then attempt to fit the pieces together in a model to try and prove the already debunked Big Bang Hypothesis. Thus, this new approach to the explanation of reality is a far cry from any standard model and quantification paradigm of science.

Section Five: The Cosmic Plasma Orb or Sun.
The magnetic forces on the sun are ten million times that of its gravitational force and are responsible for the Termination Shock that protects the solar system from the galactic currents of Ultra-High-Energy Cosmic Particles. Gravity is not the governing force in the universe, so the assumptions made by cosmology in the Standard Model of the sun are based on the myth that gravity is causing the sun to collapse on itself, with only nuclear fusion to keep it from imploding into a white dwarf or black hole, and that the sun will one day run out of fuel. The sun is not an isolated body that must consume itself over its lifetime, but instead an electric plasma orb that is connected to the rest of the galaxy through a network of currents. The sun's corona is unexplainable through the Standard Model, also known as the Fusion Model. Coronal Heating is another unexplainable phenomena where the surface of the sun, the photosphere, has an apparent temperature of six thousand Kelvin, but the corona, or chromosphere, has an apparent temperature of two million Kelvin. The problem is proving how the sun could heat the corona to millions of degrees without heating the surface. Yet this is not a problem in the electric model, where the sun receives its energy from outside, where the corona is the first place this energy would be expected to express itself, and here particle acceleration occurs. The fact that particles in the solar wind accelerate, meaning they increase velocity, means that the sun has an enormous electric field. Another unexplainable phenomenon in the fusion model are Sun Spots. The important observation to be made is that the sunspots are where the plasma filament that follow the magnetic lines of force emerge from the surface, leaving a dark centre called the penumbra. If the sun is radiating energy from its core outward into space, then it should be brightest there. The penumbra is where we can see deepest into the sun, and that is where it is the coldest. The biggest discovery of all would be the inner workings of the solar dynamo. Deep beneath the sun's visible surface, massive currents of electrically-charged gas, or plasma, circulate in patterns that give rise to the sun's powerful magnetic field. Almost all solar activity, from sunspots to solar flares, is regulated by this inner dynamo. Understanding how the dynamo works is a holy grail for stellar physics; it is the key to forecasting solar activity and space weather. Astrophysicists say the fusion model has been tested and verified, but this is a lie. Although each of the steps in the hydrogen to helium fusion reaction, known as the Proton-Proton Chain Reaction, has been verified experimentally, the overall reaction has never been achieved or verified. All of the sun's processes have been proven to be electrical. There are a number of phenomena that have Ad-Hoc explanations but no explanation in the Standard Model: Heavy Elements, Solar Spectrum, Neutrino deficiency, Neutrino Variability, Solar Atmosphere, Differential Rotation by Latitude, Differential Rotation by Depth, Equatorial Plasma torus, Sun spots, Sun Spot Migration, Sun Spot Penumbra, Sun Spot Cycle itself, Magnetic Field Strength, The Even Magnetic Field, Helio Seismology, and Solar Density and Changing Size. All these phenomena are explainable by Plasma Cosmology.

Section Six: Special Relativity and the Illusion of Space-Time.
Einstein’s theory of Special Relativity and Quantum Mechanics do not reconcile because, according to Quantum Mechanics, particle motion is uncertain, a principle known as Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle, which applies to both particles and empty space. Over very short intervals, phantom or virtual particles can appear, where the shorter the time of their appearance, the more massive the particles can be. At very short intervals, these virtual particles are massive enough to form black holes. One cannot extrapolate simultaneously both quantum mechanics and general relativity to minute distances as the theories diverge. Quantum Field Theory combines Special Relativity and Quantum Mechanics in a problematic structure. Practical experiments have tested the questionable aspects of Quantum Field Theory using Bell’s inequality. The predictions of Quantum Field Theory, not the mechanism that generates those predictions, are relativistic. Motion in space-time is impossible since any four-vector, such as four-force, four-momentum, or four-velocity, is self-referential. This is because the time coordinate equals one in the equation; hence, everything that is said to occur with the arrow of time does so at time equals one all the time.

Proof number one states: Moving in space-time is impossible because it requires motion in time, and motion in time is self-referential. Proof number two states: Moving in space-time is impossible because an evolution parameter, which is time, cannot be its own evolution parameter. Global Positioning System devices supposedly use General Relativity for their calculations, but the proper-time variable, represented by the Greek letter tau, acts as a third reference frame. According to Special Relativity, there can only be two reference frames, leading to a contradiction between the mathematics and the theory of Special Relativity.

Section Seven: Mass-Energy Equivalence and the Nature of the Photon.
Nikola Tesla was right to say that the equation E equals m c squared is mathematical poppycock. The equation can be deduced from the resultant motion of a body that has equal tangential acceleration, also known as centrifugal acceleration, as it has radial acceleration toward the center of motion. This results in a square root of two velocity using the Pythagorean theorem on a forty-five degree triangle. Substituting this back into the classical Kinetic Energy equation, where E sub K equals one-half m v squared, and replacing v with the square root of two times c, yields one-half m times two c squared, which simplifies to m c squared. Motion is tangentially and radially equal at the equator of a Hopfion, where the forces between the sink and source poles are at equilibrium, causing matter, which are Hopfions, to collect on the equatorial plane.

Regardless of the simple geometric interpretation of E equals m c squared, it is flawed and has no application in fusion and fission nuclear reactions. Fission weapons tests have found ice build-up in the mushroom clouds, proving radiant energy is being compensated for with the absorption of ambient heat. Fusion reactors have never been able to break even, meaning they never reach an energy output that equals energy input. This includes Magnetic Confinement Fusion reactors and Inertial Confinement Fusion reactors. Fusion Nuclear Chain Reactions, such as the proton-proton chain reaction and the Carbon-Nitrogen-Oxygen cycle, have never been verified in any way to exist.

Atoms of the same element can have different numbers of neutrons; the different possible versions of each element are called isotopes. However, neutrons are not necessary to explain atomic mass, as it is a result of Hopfion flux density, where Hopfion harmonics determine the quantification of mass, which is misidentified as the neutron. Statements regarding antineutrinos being the antiparticles of neutrinos, which are neutral particles produced in nuclear beta decay, suggest that neutrino quanta are Hopfions. Antineutrinos observed so far all have right-handed helicity, meaning only one of the two possible spin states has ever been seen, while neutrinos are left-handed. Antineutrinos, like neutrinos, interact with other matter only through gravitational and weak forces, making them very difficult to detect experimentally. Neutrino oscillation experiments indicate that antineutrinos have mass, but beta decay experiments constrain that mass to be very small.

It is assumed that a positron-neutrino pair that annihilates with an electron-antineutrino pair is emitted by beta decay because of gamma ray detection, which signifies the annihilation of a positron and an electron. However, questions arise regarding what happens in neutrino-antineutrino annihilation. The two particles meet at a single point and annihilate each other, producing a virtual Z boson, which is the neutral carrier of the weak nuclear force. This Z boson then immediately decays to produce another particle-antiparticle pair, either a new pair of neutrinos, two charged leptons, or a quark-antiquark pair. What you can produce depends on how much energy there is from the colliding neutrinos. If the antiparticle to a photon is a photon, why doesn’t it annihilate itself? A photon has spin equal to one. You cannot have and conserve spin in that manner, and it cannot go to a charged object due to charge conservation. This is a contradictory point deduced from theory. Pair production assumes an incident photon causes electron-positron production when it collides with an atomic nucleus. Yet equivalently, one can assume the gas molecule ionizes and splits into positive and negative ions, creating the same cloud trails. Alternatively, a Hopfion can produce two smaller Hopfions at its poles, each with opposite density gradients representing charge, due to a sudden fluctuation in its own density when coupling with the photon.

A cloud chamber photograph by C. D. Anderson shows the first positron ever identified. A six millimeter lead plate separates the upper half of the chamber from the lower half. The positron must have come from below since the upper track is bent more strongly in the magnetic field, indicating lower energy. Invented in nineteen fifty-two, a bubble chamber is a vessel filled with a superheated transparent liquid, most often liquid hydrogen, used to detect electrically charged particles moving through it. Cloud chambers work on the same principles as bubble chambers, only they are based on supersaturated vapor rather than superheated liquid. Nevertheless, the right-handed or left-handed toroidal flux, which is stereographically projected hypersphere spin of Hopfions, corresponds to matter or antimatter respectively.

Fission Nuclear Chain Reactions are believed to be possible because of the electrostatic Coulomb force overcoming the strong force due to the size of the heavy element’s nuclear radius. However, it is simply a large flux of relatively slow current contributing to a weak Hopfion. Besides the fact that Einstein found General Relativity in his dreams, he tried to interpret a simple equation with two contradictory and paradoxical ideas of mass and energy. In the general interpretation, E sub k equals M C squared defines the relationship between mass and kinetic energy. This means that when a body of mass is decelerated, it loses mass and energy, and when it is accelerated, it gains mass and energy. This mass increase or decrease for all matter is proportional to each body’s kinetic energy relative to a common position of rest for all matter. In this interpretation of E equals M C squared, energy and mass coexist together. The kinetic energy of an object contributes to its overall mass. Einstein refused to believe in deceleration as a meaningful concept that could be differentiated from acceleration to establish a position of absolute rest because the mass changes caused by motion cannot be measured locally.

The primary meaning of E equals M C squared is that it defines the mass of the photon as the truest measure of mass. From convention and with no experimental verification, Einstein arbitrarily declared the photon to be a massless particle using Planck’s Constant to make the transformation between the mass of an atom and the energy of a massless photon, thereby failing to divide Planck’s constant into its component parts, where h equals M lambda C, representing the mass of a photon times its wavelength times the speed of light. Ignoring the mass of the photon completely changes the nature of E equals M C squared from the previous interpretation. In this case, matter still contains kinetic energy that has mass, with the exception that the kinetic energy of the photon has no mass. If Einstein would have allowed the photon its fair share of the mass, then there would be no case where mass is converted into energy, yet then Special Relativity would fail for recognizing the Aether. Mass has energy that can be measured, and energy has mass that can be weighed. Mass and energy are two sides of a coin and cannot be separated into the mass of matter and the energy of photons. Mass and energy are the two primary parameters of both matter and photons. One cannot exist without the other. There is no such thing as the long-cherished metaphysical idea of pure energy. There is only pure mass-energy.

Photons can only be produced by the annihilation of matter and antimatter, and the universe contains no antimatter that could be combined with its matter to produce energy except in the high-energy collision of particles. The process of annihilation between a positron and electron is very short-lived and can only produce photons with a total energy equal to hydrogen’s ionization energy of thirteen electron volts. In contrast, the mass-energy of a Hopfion is about one billion electron volts. The Hopfion loses equal amounts of mass to the emitted photons as it drops down into the ground state, where the process stops and the atom becomes stable. Einstein failed to understand that all photons travel at capital C through the same inertial reference frame and not just relative to observers. Einstein made the speed of light relative to the observer’s frame. It is true, as Einstein claimed, that all observers will measure the speed of light to be small c in any frame. However, this does not mean that they are all measuring the same exact quantity. Capital C is the velocity of photons relative to photon rest, and small c equals C plus or minus v is the speed that photons travel relative to moving observers. Due to mass changes in the moving observer’s measuring devices, c equals C plus or minus v always comes out to have the same value.

Einstein made this assumption of relative motion not because he could prove it but because no one disproved it. The very nature of the accelerometer and the Doppler effect make it impossible to measure the difference between an acceleration and a deceleration or between motion and rest. Just because you cannot measure absolute rest doesn’t mean it cannot exist. Einstein’s idea of relative motion for matter cannot be reconciled with the absolute motion of photons. If photons move with absolute motion, then the motion of matter must also be absolute. The equation M equals E over C squared defines a body of matter’s excess mass associated with its absolute motion through rest. When a body of matter is accelerated to any velocity v relative to this frame, its mass increases with its kinetic energy E sub k equals M C squared. At a velocity of about eighty-six percent of the speed of light, a body’s mass is doubled with a kinetic mass that is equal to its rest mass. We can measure our own absolute motion to be approximately three hundred seventy-five kilometers per second in the general direction of the constellation Leo. This increases the total mass of our individual bodies by only about one-quarter gram. This increase in mass might seem small until we realize that this amount of mass represents as much kinetic energy as an atomic bomb. Even though this enormous kinetic energy of our bodies is real, there is no way to tap or even detect the several kilotons of kinetic energy contained in the absolute motion of everyone’s individual body. Mass in motion creates Force and Energy; thus, F equals m a can be called mass-force equivalence.

Section Eight: Sonoluminescence and the Cold Plasma Core.
It is commonly assumed that spectral measurements of Sonoluminescence confirm a hypothesis that the bubbles have a hot plasma core of about twenty thousand degrees Kelvin, which is four times hotter than the surface of the sun in the nuclear model, when compressed with sound waves above eighteen thousand cycles per second. However, spectral measurements also confirm a hypothesis that it has a cold plasma core. Three equations were made using five major assumptions, with four of them being common to all the equations. First, the bubble remains spherical. Second, the bubble contents obey the ideal gas law. Third, the internal pressure remains uniform throughout the bubble. Fourth, no evaporation or condensation occurs inside the bubble. The fifth assumption, which changes between each formulation, pertains to the thermodynamic behavior of the liquid surrounding the bubble. These assumptions severely limit the models when the pulsations are large and the wall velocities reach the speed of sound. All these assumptions have been proven to be wrong in cavitation experiments. As the bubble collapses, it creates a nano-vortex which rips the ions from their bonds in a cold plasma.

Section Nine: Astrological Astronomy and the Illusion of Dark Matter.
Mainstream Cosmology teaches us that Dark Matter exists in order to explain the non-inverse square proportionality that is observed under the Einstein Model. Yet Dark Matter has never been proven to exist, and the same is true for Neutron Stars, which are used to explain Pulsars, and Black Holes, which are crucial for proving the Big Bang Hypothesis. A rotation curve of a typical spiral galaxy shows a predicted curve and an observed curve. Dark matter is invented to explain the flat appearance of the velocity curve out to a large radius. I am aware of many electromagnetic models, such as Thunderbolts Plasma Cosmology, that are proven and explain all cosmological phenomena without the need for assuming the existence of abstract celestial objects that have never been discovered. This model is improved by the fact that light is not a particle. Light undergoes polarization, diffraction, interference, refraction, and reflection, all of which are wave-like behaviors. Yet for only one phenomena called the Photoelectric Effect, it is assumed that light is also a particle called a photon. The Compton effect was invented to explain the phenomena where the massless photon interacts with an electron to impart energy on it. Yet if Force equals mass times acceleration, and the mass is zero, then the force is zero. Similarly, kinetic energy equals one-half mass times velocity squared, which is also zero. This shows light is obviously not a particle.

This model is further improved by Yves Couder’s experiment with silicone drops termed walkers that completely invalidates the Copenhagen Interpretation of Quantum Mechanics. This interpretation claims the nature of the universe is random and probabilistic, leaving Quantum Chaos Theory and the Uncertainty Principle obsolete. Yves Couder’s experiments prove the forces of the microcosm are the same in the macrocosm, giving way to local evidence that Continuum Mechanics explains the atomic world. Thus, the Uncertainty Principle is instead better explained by Fractal Unpredictability. The normalization of the Hydrogen Wave Function for defining probability density with associated Quantum Numbers is unnecessary, thereby proving the atom is better represented as a Hopfion. Schematic diagrams of computational domains show transient drop deformation after abrupt inception of a uniaxial extensional flow. The flow is axisymmetric with respect to the y-axis, and the domain lies in the meridional plane. The drop size is exaggerated; the actual domain size has height and width equal to ten times the initial radius. Computed drop shapes and the flow field in the final steady state show streamlines in a reference frame attached to the center of mass of the drop. A mirror image has been added to show the full shape of the drops corresponding to various cases. Internal circulation, known as Hill’s vortex, is seen inside a rising gas bubble. Mass balance of the bubble column and pictures taken with a high-speed camera show differences between pure water and a solution. A schematic overview shows the effect of contaminants on the drag force. From left to right: ultra-pure liquid with free-slip boundary condition at the bubble interface; slightly contaminated liquid with a limited circulation inside the bubble and a stagnant cap at the bottom; fully contaminated bubble, without any internal circulation, representing a full no-slip boundary.

Schrodinger’s Equation of the atom is a Laplacian equation that explains only the interaction of light with the atomic ion and not the position of the electron nor chemical bonding by Valence shell electron pair repulsion theory, valence bond theory, or molecular orbital theory, whom contradict each other. However, the three-Sphere Harmonics are also sufficient. Yves Couder’s walkers show the three-Spherical Harmonics at the surface like longitudinal waves become transverse at the surface of the water pool, as shown on page thirty of the thesis titled Bouncing Droplets the role of deformations, in combination with the Toroidal Flow inside the Hopfionic structure. Harmonics are standing waves caused by interference between oscillations. Spherical Harmonics of the sphere and Vector Spherical Harmonics of the ball contained by it are both found in Helioseismology. A cut-away view of the Sun shows p-modes and g-modes with an accompanying angular degree versus frequency power spectrum. Surface Harmonics are shown at specific angular degrees and azimuthal orders. An explanation follows: Our Sun is in a continual state of oscillation. Large patches of the Sun vibrate in and out, back and forth, even as the Sun rotates. One mode of Solar oscillation is depicted graphically, with blue indicating outward motion, and red indicating inward motion. Although sensitive optical solar observatories can only directly detect surface motions, they give information about vibrations occurring much deeper in the Sun. In helioseismology, these oscillations are being analysed and are revealing unprecedented information about the density, temperature, motion, and chemical composition of the entire Sun. Spherical harmonics of a standing wave in the Sun are shown, where the cut-out on the right-hand side reveals the pattern of the standing wave inside the Sun.

Another model called the Dynamic Universe Model provides a solution to the Newton Three Body Problem and explains that BlueShift is as possible in the Einstein Model as RedShift, yet only the latter is realized. Blueshift is seen as much as redshift except at sufficiently far enough distances where light moving through more Space-Medium loses energy like water wakes redshift in a stagnant pool. Yet blueshift should not occur according to the Cosmological Principle, and Space has no medium according to Special Relativity. The universe is clearly displaying a type of Brownian Motion. If we were to believe in universal expansion then we must also believe our Milky Way Galaxy is the centre of the universe and of concentric spheres of galaxies at quantized distances according to Hubble’s data. But this is ignoring blueshift and is as erroneous as believing that the Earth is flat and trying to look for its ends or that the Sun revolves around Rome, for anywhere one moves about the void it would seem as if you are at its centre. Since there is a third reference frame called Aether, the Big Bang Hypothesis becomes disproved. The Relativistic requirement that there are only two reference frames is important to the expansion logic in the way that it leaves out the space wherein space was to expand, which is mathematically self-referential and thus cancels the whole mechanism, leaving the entire process redundant.

Section Ten: On Doctor Quantum and the Interpretation of Quantum Mechanics.
The double-slit experiment is often misinterpreted. The so-called Big Eye, or momentum sensor, is not merely a receiver; it uses photons from a laser that cancel with the electron's wake dynamics as it moves, thereby changing the transference function, which is known as the observer effect. There is no single electron particle that splits and interferes with itself when it reaches the double slit. Instead, the Aether goes through both slits, but the wake created by Aether particles in the cloud allows them to diffract. It was not one electron that was shot; it was one charge that is filled with more electrons. As in old literature, they referred to an electron of charge, not a charge of an electron. Atoms do not release an electron per bond charge; rather, they release a bond charge of electrons, as one bond is not one electron but a ratio of one charge to many electrons, forming an Aether particle cloud. Charge builds up on the tip of the cathode before being released; hence, the idea of one electron at a time being released is incorrect.

The idea that dimensions are separated domains of reality is a speculative fallacy. Dimensions are mathematical tools used to analyze physical systems, not realms we live in. All dimensions, infinitely many, in a mathematical analysis are required to understand the full nature of a physical system. Dimensions are only components of the physical universe that together make a more realistic image from their kernel about the universe. There are no such things as extra dimensions, parallel worlds, or multiverses. Time is a result of four-dimensional mechanisms that produce it; hence, it is only a consequent perception of real mechanical motion in a Hopf Fibration with sink and source flux symmetry and self-similar and scale-invariant topology. Simply put, it is like a doughnut consisting of very small doughnuts that experience one thousand cycles before the big doughnut experiences one cycle. Hence, time is a result of fractal processes.

Space is not empty; otherwise, it would be an infinitesimal point. Yet the Aether medium fills all space. The homogeneous, frictionless Aether is an infinitely large fractal domain of conservative motion inside conservative motion of particles making up the fields of particles, explaining the four-dimensional mechanism that creates the time illusion and joins the other three-dimensional analytical devices of measurement. Atoms are one of these hyperspherical constructs. Even Mendeleev believed in element zero, and Maxwell's eighteen-sixty-one to eighteen-sixty-two paper, On Physical Lines of Force, discusses the concept of vorticity motion as a continuum mechanical explanation of Aether.

Stochastic mathematics, comprising probability and statistics, reveals trends, not mechanisms. Hence, the name quantum mechanics is an oxymoron that must be replaced with quantum trends. The only mechanical part of quantum mechanics is the electrostatic nuclear model of the atom, which is adopted from electrostatics in classical mechanics. Thus, quantum mechanics must abandon its classical atomic model. The Classical explains the mechanisms of reality; therefore, it is called mechanics. The Quantum explains the trends of reality; therefore, it is to be called trends.

Regarding the quantum eraser experiment: One film dot does not equal one photon detection. Hence, light is only a wave, explaining the vectorial photoelectric effect, meaning the entire laser beam is entangled. This explains how a photon's absorption into the detector does not affect its partner unless photon-electron entanglement is possible. The coincidence detector only registers information of one detector that coincides with information on the other, thereby revealing an interference pattern. Placing a quarter-wave plate in front of each slit changes linearly polarized light into circularly polarized light, where one quarter-wave plate would change one to right circular polarization while the other would change it to left circular polarization. Coincidence information of light passing through each quarter-wave plate, and thus each slit, at one detector coincides with the respective information of light detected at the other, thereby losing the interference pattern, since the information being detected at P coincides only with light moving through one of the slits at S. Polarizing one of the split beams causes both beams to be so polarized. Polarizing the beam at P to be both X and Y polarized causes the same light to move through both slits at S. Information of X and Y polarized light detected at P coincides with information of left or right polarized light detected at S. Since the information being detected at P coincides with light moving through both of the slits at S, the interference pattern is restored.

Polarization of light breaks the laws of electromagnetic waves since linear polarization of light causes the light to become an electric, magnetic, or electromagnetic wave that has parallel magnetic or electric fields. Hence, polarization proves magnetic and electric fields are components of Aether motion. Magnetic or electric fields cannot exist by themselves if they are mutually induced; thus, the phenomenon is evidence contrary to the transverse electromagnetic wave theory. In the delayed choice quantum eraser, the simultaneous creation of light beams or splitting of one seems to entangle them all, proving photons are merely quanta of light absorbed or emitted by an atom per harmonic cycle and thus not only an indistinguishable quantum mechanical particle, or boson, but rather longitudinal waves in the Aether medium.

Regarding the Stern-Gerlach experiment: The Stern-Gerlach experiment with silver atoms shows them to have a magnetic moment, not their electrons, as such would be an assumption or conjecture. The successive splitting of the beams proves that atoms orientate themselves during their flight path. The extremely small size of atoms suggests they are well capable of acquiring enough angular momentum during their flight path to have quickly orientated themselves either up or down, meaning the one-half spin state of electrons is rather a fifty percent probability of becoming North or South orientated, satisfying a classical prediction. If we link multiple Stern-Gerlach apparatuses, we can clearly see that they do not act as simple selectors but alter the states observed, as in light polarization, according to quantum mechanical law. Note that the experiment was performed several years before Uhlenbeck and Goudsmit formulated their hypothesis of the existence of the electron spin. Even though the result of the Stern-Gerlach experiment has later turned out to be in agreement with the predictions of quantum mechanics for a spin one-half particle, the experiment should be seen as a corroboration of the Bohr-Sommerfeld theory. The Stern-Gerlach experiment has become a paradigm of quantum measurement. In particular, it has been assumed to satisfy von Neumann projection. According to more recent insights, based on a quantum mechanical description of the influence of the inhomogeneous magnetic field, this can be true only in an approximate sense. Von Neumann projection can be rigorously satisfied only if the magnetic field is homogeneous. Hence, von Neumann projection is even incompatible with a proper functioning of the Stern-Gerlach device as an instrument for measuring spin.

Regarding the EPR experiment and Bell test experiments: Entanglement results from N-dimensional elements being surjectively joined to higher dimensional elements. Two atoms are separate in three-dimensional space but have the same N-dimensional values imparted to them upon splitting after joining or upon their simultaneous creation.

Regarding quantum tunnelling: According to quantum mechanics, nuclear fusion occurs at lower temperature due to quantum tunnelling, where particles almost instantly cross a potential barrier by virtue of their wave function. Quantum mechanics assumes a potential barrier to exist since the classical electrostatic model of the atom adopted by quantum mechanics requires there to be a classical electrostatic Coulomb barrier that repels atomic nuclei from each other. Yet there exists an unexplainable attractive nuclear potential, known as the nuclear residual strong force, between them. However, it is found that atomic nuclei, given enough energy to close the distance between them to a certain degree, will join, known as nuclear fusion, with less energy than is required to overcome the electrostatic repulsion between their nuclei. Quantum mechanics explains the low energy nuclear reaction of fusion as a result of quantum tunnelling, which is a self-fulfilled prophecy. Yet there is no such thing as a Coulomb barrier between nuclei since the electrostatic atom model of protons, neutrons, and electrons is inaccurate. Hopfions behave the same way, yet there is no need for fictitious quantum tunnelling through a non-existent Coulomb barrier due to an attractive nuclear potential to explain this behavior. The fact that quantum tunnelling does not account for the force from a potential barrier in their calculations of the wave function can only be explained as deliberate negligence.

Section Eleven: Resonance Structures, Bonding, and Quasiparticles.
Atoms can form bonds to another atom and leave one or more of their charges unsatisfied, thereby forming a resonant structure where each of the atoms has a stronger and closer bond due to their sharing the evenly divided portions of their unsatisfied charges. Hopfion bonding explains the existence of resonance structures and chemical bonds, where the electrostatic nuclear model fails, as the result of Hopfion flow fields falling in place with the flow fields of other atoms that have the same rate of motion. Hopfion bonding also explains how successively heavier atoms form successively stronger bonds with each other and the illusion of the electron valence shell. Room temperature superconductivity in Cuprates is explained as a consequence of fractal self-organization.

Regarding quasiparticles such as Exitons, Plasmons, Bipolarons, Polaritons, Rotons, Phonons, Photons, and Magnons: Physics currently distinguishes between particles, which are distinguishable fermions, and ensembles or waves, which are indistinguishable bosons, using unrealistic Quantum Mechanical Models. The Quantum Mechanical Model of an exiton describes it as an electron-hole pair, yet in reality, an exiton is a unit of Aether cloud pressure displacement, often misidentified as an electron. The Quantum Mechanical Model of a plasmon describes it as a quantization of plasma oscillations, specifically oscillations of the free electron gas density where displacing electrons relative to ions creates a restoring Coulomb force. In reality, a plasmon is a low-pressure region that pulls a unit of Aether cloud back to the Hopfion. The Quantum Mechanical Model of a phonon describes it as a quantization of the modes of vibrations of elastic structures of interacting particles, or the vibrational motion of every atom in a crystal. In reality, a lattice vibration is simply a sound wave.

The Quantum Mechanical Model of a polaron describes it as a quasiparticle composed of a charge and its accompanying polarization field, acting as a unit of lattice polarization and deformation caused by a slow-moving electron carrying the lattice distortion with it, often described as a cloud of phonons accompanying the electron. However, polarons are rarely caused by electrons. Repulsive polarons are predicted to occur when impurity fermionic particles interact repulsively with a fermionic environment. The Quantum Mechanical Model of a magnon describes it as a collective excitation of the electrons' spin structure in a crystal lattice, whereas a phonon is a collective excitation of the crystal lattice atoms or ions. From the equivalent quasiparticle point of view, spin waves are known as magnons, which are boson modes of the spin lattice corresponding roughly to the phonon excitations of the nuclear lattice. In reality, magnon-phonon coupling proves that the fictitious concept of spin does not exist.

Spherical Harmonics of Hopfions axiomatically explain the charge-to-mass ratio without the need for any assumptions, conjectures, or contradictions found in the Standard Model. The Standard Model erroneously claims that electron particles exist with a mass of approximately nine point one zero nine times ten to the power of negative thirty-one kilograms, which is roughly one over one thousand eight hundred and thirty-six that of the proton, based on Einstein's disproven principle of mass-energy equivalence corresponding to a rest energy of zero point five one one mega-electron volts. It further claims atoms have protons, with the mass of a Hydrogen ion, and neutrons, with the mass of a Deuterium ion, to explain atomic mass. It claims Bosons have integer spin making them indistinguishable like electrons, yet electrons are Fermions which have half-integer spin and are distinguishable. All observed bosons have integer spin, whereas fermions have half-integer spin. While fermions are said to make up matter, bosons are described as force carriers functioning as the glue holding matter together.

Fermi-Dirac statistics describe the distribution of particles in a system comprising many identical particles that obey the Pauli exclusion principle. It applies to identical particles with half-odd-integer spin in a system in thermal equilibrium, assuming negligible mutual interaction. This results in the Fermi-Dirac distribution where no two particles can occupy the same state. Bose-Einstein statistics describe how a collection of indistinguishable particles may occupy a set of available discrete energy states. The aggregation of particles in the same state accounts for the cohesive streaming of laser light and the frictionless creeping of superfluid helium. At low temperatures, bosons behave differently from fermions in that an unlimited number of them can condense into the same energy state, giving rise to the Bose-Einstein Condensate. These statistics apply when quantum effects are important and particles are indistinguishable. Identical particles cannot be distinguished from one another even in principle. Species include elementary particles like electrons and composite particles like atoms. There are two main categories: bosons, which can share quantum states, and fermions, which do not share quantum states due to the Pauli exclusion principle. Examples of bosons are photons, gluons, phonons, and helium-four atoms. Examples of fermions are electrons, neutrinos, quarks, protons, neutrons, and helium-three atoms.

Distinguishing particles relies on differences in intrinsic physical properties like mass, electric charge, and spin. If differences exist, we can distinguish them by measuring these properties. However, it is an empirical fact that microscopic particles of the same species have completely equivalent physical properties; for instance, every electron has exactly the same electric charge. A second method involves tracking the trajectory of each particle, but this contradicts quantum mechanics principles. According to quantum theory, particles do not possess definite positions between measurements but are governed by wavefunctions giving the probability of finding a particle at each position. As time passes, wavefunctions spread and overlap, making it impossible to determine which particle positions correspond to earlier measurements, rendering them indistinguishable. Plasmons can couple with a photon to create another quasiparticle called a plasma polariton, proving plasmons, photons, phonons, and polaritons are the same phenomena but in different contexts; they are all oscillations of the Aether medium. The most discussed types of polaritons are phonon-polaritons, resulting from coupling an infrared photon with an optic phonon; exciton-polaritons, from coupling visible light photons with an exciton; intersubband-polaritons, from coupling infrared or terahertz photons with intersubband excitations; and surface plasmon-polaritons, from coupling surface plasmons with light. Recently, special kinds called Bragg-polaritons or Braggoritons have been observed. In theoretical physics, a roton is an elementary excitation or quasiparticle in superfluid helium-four. The dispersion relation shows a linear increase from the origin, exhibiting first a maximum and then a minimum in energy as momentum increases. Excitations with momenta in the linear region are called phonons; those near the minimum are called rotons; and those near the maximum are sometimes called maxons. All these quasiparticle couplings prove they are the same phenomena in different contexts, meaning quasiparticles are Hopfions.

Section Twelve: On Dimensions, Toward Abstraction.
A solution to Hilbert's Sixth Problem, which is the mathematical treatment of the axioms of physics, is presented here. This solution unites the fundamental interactions of gravity and electromagnetism, producing a dimensional explanation that eliminates the need for other fundamental forces. It achieves this through the fractal occurrence of infinite metrics, fully explaining all of reality. Furthermore, a solution to the P versus N P problem is provided, where P equals N P. This is demonstrated using algorithms from a knowledge reference that possesses correctness and expressiveness, explaining why all dimensions, represented as the Satisfiability Problem or SAT, are reduced to three dimensions, known as Three-SAT. Turbulence is defined as the fundamental state of fluid motion by solving the Navier-Stokes equations.

Complex spaces originate in solutions to the surjective correspondence of a projection from an N plus one dimension to an N dimension. The N dimension is defined as the region between N points at infinity. The N Simplex at infinity forms an N plus one space. In an orthographic view, the zero dimension is an infinitesimal point, which is a zero simplex and the first dimensional element. The first dimension is a zero infinite simplex and the second dimensional element. The second dimension is a one infinite simplex and the third dimensional element. The third dimension is space, acting as a two infinite simplex where zero elements collapse, leaving only three infinite, real, and orthogonal lines at infinity. The fourth dimension is motion, as a three infinite simplex has three two infinite simplex elements that collapse on a fourth, giving a correlation indicative of motion in three-space. The fifth dimension is process, defined as a series of actions, changes, or functions bringing about a result, or a continuous action taking place in a definite manner. As a four infinite simplex, it has four three infinite simplex elements that collapse on a fifth, giving a correlation indicative of procession between motions in space. The infinite dimension simplex is an infinite sphere.

In a perspective view, all images of objects that are projected stereographically are N-dimensionally perspective projections on concentric N spheres from one point on those N spheres. These are mapped onto an N minus one Cartesian space opposite the kernel point, forming a smooth, bijective, and conformal map that is not isometric and does not preserve areas. A panoramic view is a two-dimensional projection space, and vanishing points are perspective projections from a three-dimensional space to a two-dimensional space where parallel lines converge and projection lines become collinear at infinitely large magnitudes. Time is a three-dimensional projection space, and moments are perspective projections from a four-dimensional space to a three-dimensional space where parallel lines converge and projection lines become collinear at infinite scale. X is a four-dimensional projection space, and Y represents perspective projections from a five-dimensional space to a four-dimensional space where parallel lines converge and projection lines become collinear at infinite scale. The universe is an infinite projection space, and atoms are perspective projections from an infinite dimensional space to an infinite space.

An N metric is defined such that an N sphere is a set of points in an N dimensional element that are equidistant from an origin, or original point; hence, an N sphere is an N metric. An N sphere has infinite N minus one sphere foliations. The Hopfion, or five metric, is a hypersphere or four sphere with oversphere or three sphere foliations. It has a stereographic projection from five space to four space, forming toroidal, not poloidal, flow with resolved components that are orthogonal bases representing electromagnetic fields in toroidal coordinates. Concentric spherical harmonics, which are solutions to second-order partial differential equations called Laplacian equations, form when light waves interact with the flowing Hopfion, causing oscillation in pressure. Hopfion harmonics are a result of an ensemble, which is indistinguishable, interacting with a particle, which is distinguishable. Hopfions project waves from periodic motion through oscillation of that motion, corresponding to pressure propagation. Cosine represents the orthographically projected length of the unit radius on the horizontal axis, and sine represents the orthographically projected length of the unit radius on the vertical axis of the unit circle, serving as a nontrivial example of such a projection.

Section Thirteen: On the Mechanism of Turbulence, Toward a Definition.
Turbulence results for fluids with a Reynolds number, which is the ratio of inertial forces to viscous forces, ranging from approximately forty to ten to the power of three. Thus, fluids with high velocity and low viscosity are turbulent. This cannot be mechanically explained by continuum mechanics since it takes the whole fluid to exist out of infinitesimal points, or material points, that are each an origin of a velocity vector, making the whole fluid a vector field. But in reality, fluids are a medium of Hopfions, meaning the distances between them are finite instead of infinitesimal. Particles cannot move through each other since no two particles can occupy the same position. This causes circulation in a low-pressure region due to particles being pressed against each other, forcing them to move around each other, orbiting a spinning Hopfion somewhere inside the low-pressure region as they attempt to migrate toward the center of that region.

A vortex street occurs around cylinders for any fluid, cylinder size, and fluid speed, provided that there is a Reynolds number between approximately forty and ten to the power of three. Atoms being Hopfions show that pressure is a result of an expansion in the distance between them, thereby causing more medium to be circulated from outside than inside the pressure region per cycle. This induces a net motion of Hopfions toward the low-pressure region. Laminar flow only has a radial, or electric, component of pressure which can be fully modeled by vector fields. However, the onset of turbulence requires a model that accounts for mutual effects between constituent particles in a flow and results when particles obstruct each other's motion, causing circulation. Turbulent flow has both a radial, or electric, component of pressure and a tangential, or magnetic, component of circulation.

The Hopf solution to the Navier-Stokes equations for an incompressible, homogeneous, inviscid flow shows space, or fundamental flow, to be absolutely turbulent. Any flow with a high Reynolds number, meaning low viscosity, is more prone to turbulence. Hence, a flow with zero viscosity or a Reynolds number toward infinity is absolutely turbulent. Interacting Hopf solitons solve the general Navier-Stokes equations for a compressible flow. The Hopfion is locally unstable, producing anisotropic current which produces global stability. Global factors such as temperature and pressure determine the fluid's anisotropy and superfluidity, hence zero viscosity, respectively. Temperature does this by disorientating flow fields, while pressure does it by changing phase, as with metal hydrogen at two hundred and fifty gigapascals of pressure. Local factors determine each Hopfion's density, hence mass, and density gradient, hence charge.

Section Fourteen: Linear Space, Non-Linear Space, and the P versus N P Problem.
The completeness proof of First Order Logic is demonstrated here by showing a many-to-one mapping of real numbers to natural numbers. This mapping allows First Order Logic to be locally countable, thus allowing its models to display their own cardinality. The diagonal argument for incompleteness and uncountability of First Order Logic is addressed, alongside other diagonals for hypothetical models that possess their own cardinality. Any model with a one-to-one bijection will have the same cardinality and a logic domain that depends on the model; thus, it is erroneous to assume some set of all sets exists, as it would contradict the locality of a logic model.

Every decision problem has its own cardinality that is countable by its First Order Logic through an algorithm that is invariant under all possible permutations of that decision problem. Sum of Sets problems can be solved using an ordering algorithm to organize set Y in sequence with integers Z, but in a format where the missing numbers that correlate with Z are replaced with zero or false. This method follows a position rule to read a solution instead of searching for it through trial and error, such as with search algorithms like D P L L. Ordinals must be set up to solve non-linear space N P complete decision problems in linear space P.

Consider the Sum of Sets problem. Here is the set Y ordinal. Here is the solution as read by the Deterministic Turing Machine using the algorithm without the sets that contain a false statement, as it skips over them. This is done in polynomial time P, as the number of steps required to solve the problem is a polynomial function of the entire set of Y that is an encoding on the integers of some finite cardinality. Here is the time function of the Deterministic Turing Machine using the algorithm. There is a first degree polynomial to account for the steps used to skip the sets containing false statements, and there is a K degree polynomial to account for each recursion of the algorithm to produce all possible sets from smaller initial sets.

Sudoku is another N P complete game which can be solved in the same linear way by applying the algorithm over its permutation rules. By using logical inference, many know that seventeen or more givens in the three by three Sudoku matrix S can be solved using a Slicing and Dicing algorithm. However, a matrix S of sixteen or less givens cannot be solved this way; yet permutation rules can be found to generate an S that satisfies the immediate constraints of a sixteen or less given S, thus solving it in P. Here is a Sudoku with eleven givens and the polynomial time solution for Sudoku, which is an N P complete decision problem. All valid permutations satisfy the constraints given. The first table consists of the set with all the numbers that cannot be below or above, for this method, listed in ascending order above each digit they influence. The second table consists of the same set as the preceding table except with all the numbers that cannot be next to the values listed, for this method, from left to right next to each digit they influence. Finally, the third table consists of any block, the first one in this case, from which to generate the solution that is enumerated according to the constraint listed by both preceding tables.

The Sudoku matrix can be solved with permutations of three pairs, three triples, or three fillers exclusively from any derived values that satisfy the above constraints. In this specific case, the numbers five, six, and eight are the fillers. Here the fillers are added in. This particular method, as developed by the author, can solve any three by three Sudoku of sixteen givens or less in polynomial steps. This method remains invariant, regardless of the N by N Sudoku for which N equals any integer, under polynomial steps or time. For a three by three Sudoku, when counting each step of the method, the process confirms the reduction of complexity.

Section Fifteen: Navier-Stokes Existence and Smoothness.
The standard covariant or material derivative for any vector W with components U, V, W along vector V with components X, Y, Z is defined. The vector W in our four-dimensional Euclidean space can be substituted with the function W of X, Y, Z. Since the four-dimensional Euclidean space reduces to three-dimensional transformations, the vector V can be replaced by the four-dimensional coordinate system, thus reducing the covariant derivative to a directional derivative and then to a standard four-dimensional partial derivative or Jacobian of a function, which is the gradient. This influences the left side of the Navier-Stokes equations and the right side, since body force F is reduced, changing the surface-perpendicular or normal stresses and surface-tangent or shear stresses, thus producing a right side of the incompressible Navier-Stokes equation where ellipses represent other body forces.

The Cauchy tensor T reduces to a matrix T equal to the Jacobian matrix J. For the incompressible Navier-Stokes equation, this renders a new form of the Navier-Stokes equations with standard continuous second-order partial differential equation solutions. Any smooth or continuously differentiable solution to a four-dimensional second-order partial differential equation that is a geometry consisting of foliations that intersect perpendicularly with each other are field lines of motion that are solutions to the Navier-Stokes equations. Where the common Hopf fibration, which is the stereographic projection of a hypersphere, and any variant of it, such as the Hopfion with poloidal and toroidal components adding together to create a sinusoidal vortex, represents one of these solutions.

Figure one describes the profile of the Hopf fibration from the sides, along the X-axis and Y-axis. Figure two describes the perspective view of the Hopf fibration. Figure three describes the view from the top, along the Z-axis, of the Hopf fibration.

Conclusion: The Most Basic Form of Order.
Just like a list or light waves have three values namely infimum, median, and supremum—where mean and mode are equal in this context—that can be used in combination through additive, subtractive, or any binary operation to reconstruct the whole set or spectrum. In other words, Order or List can be completely reduced to a series of three logical operations: And representing supremum, Or representing median, and Not representing infimum. The structure of Reality is a Fractal Space of the most reducible form, thus a Metric Space, of the most basic Order, which is real space. The non-reducible Three-SAT is the Infimum representing the Holy Spirit, the Median representing the Son, and the Supremum representing the Father metrics. These three together are the triune God, the Word, which is the Universe or Fractal Formula.

Reality can be reduced to multi-dimensional harmonics, and God is the Red, Green, Blue that creates the Universe as a single spoken verse and manifests Himself in a pursuit for the same thing we are hardwired to pursue, which is Love or Universal harmony. This is why the Author believes in the received text Biblical word of God, Jesus or Emanuel, and not like the occult ways of secret societies or fraternities that love money and crave power, whose secrets exist owing to their fear of being exposed. The true God is exposed in everything, like the And, Or, and Exclusive Or seen in the Flower of Life as studied by Leonardo da Vinci in his Codex Atlanticus.